Update storage-quickstart-blobs-cli.md (#104466)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-cli.md

This operation creates the blob if it doesn't already exist, and overwrites it if it does. Upload as many files as you like before continuing.

> ++When you upload a blob using AZ CLI, AZ CLI issues respective REST API calls: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/blob-service-rest-api via http and https protocols. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you upload a blob using the Azure CLI, it issues respective [REST API calls](/rest/api/storageservices/blob-service-rest-api) via http and https protocols. 
```
edits
